# Elements.Model.RewardIssuance
Represents a Reward that has been issued but has not yet been claimed by the user.  The reward is assigned a unique ID to ensure that it may not have been applied more than once.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | The unique ID of the issuance. | 
**User** | [**User**](User.md) |  | 
**State** | **string** | The state of the reward. On creation, this is automatically assigned to be ISSUED. If the current value of the state is REDEEMED, then the state is no longer allowed to be updated. This valuemay not be directly modified- -the redeem DAO method should be used instead to perform the redemption process. | 
**Item** | [**Item**](Item.md) |  | [optional] 
**ItemQuantity** | **int** | The amount of Items to be set/added to the InventoryItem upon redemption. | [optional] 
**Context** | **string** | A generic String used to uniquely identify the RewardIssuance issuance. If the RewardIssuance is created by the client, this value must be specified to prevent erroneous duplicate issuances. E.g. if the client successfully submits an issuance but fails to receive the response, the client is expected to submit a new issuance with the same context string. Similarly, the client application should have safeguards in place in the event of a crash to prevent duplicate submissions: e.g. ensuring that the context string is unchanged when performing multiple issuances of the same RewardIssuance. If the RewardIssuance is generated by the server, this will be defined automatically. The context cannot be updated after creation. Note that an context defined via the API should not begin with &#39;server.&#39; as that is a protected namespace. | 
**Type** | **string** | Defines whether multiple issuances for the given user+reward+context may occur. If the type is set to NON_PERSISTENT, at most one ISSUED RewardIssuance may exist in the server at a time for a given user and context. If the type is set to PERSISTENT, at most one ISSUED or REDEEMED RewardIssuance may exist in the server for a given user and context, i.e. once a PERSISTENT RewardIssuance has been submitted, a new one may never be submitted and will be rejected by the server. Note that this value cannot be updated. By default, this will be set to NON_PERSISTENT. | 
**Source** | **string** | Identifies the source of the issuance, e.g. &#39;Client&#39;, &#39;IAP&#39;, &#39;Leaderboard&#39;. This may be specified manually by the client if desired. Note that this value cannot be updated. | [optional] 
**Metadata** | **Dictionary&lt;string, Object&gt;** | Metadata for the issuance. May be optionally defined by the client on creation. If the source is a server-side value, then a predefined structure will always be followed that provides additional information as to the source of the issuance (e.g. mission progress/step information). | [optional] 
**Tags** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | The tags used to categorize this Reward Issuance. | [optional] 
**ExpirationTimestamp** | **long** | Optionally define when the issuance should expire. This value may be updated to extend when the expiration occurs. When set, this value must be greater than the current time on the server.Note that the record may not actually be deleted for up to sixty seconds after the time noted in thetimestamp. | [optional] 
**Uuid** | **string** | Internal unique identifier generated and assigned on creation. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

